WIP: docs(gpu): gpu instances documentation (#275)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/gpu/quickstart.mdx

---
meta:
  title: GPU Instances - Quickstart
  description: This page shows you how to get started with Scaleway Elements GPU Instances.
content:
  h1: Quickstart
  paragraph: This page shows you how to get started with Scaleway Elements GPU Instances.
dates:
  validation: 2021-12-14
  posted: 2021-12-14
---

> Scaleway GPU Instances are virtual compute instances equipped with dedicated high-end Nvidia graphical processing unit (GPUs). They are ideal for data processing, articifical intelligence, rendering and video encoding. After you have created your GPU Instance, you can connect to it via SSH and use one of our ready-made [Docker images](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) to access a preinstalled [Pipenv](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) environment with all your favourite AI libraries and tools pre-installed. In addition to this, GPU Instances have all the features of our regular Instances, including [flexible IPs](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/), [Security Groups](/compute/instances/how-to/use-security-groups/), [Private Networks](/compute/instances/how-to/use-private-networks/), [backups](/compute/instances/how-to/create-a-backup/) and more. When you've finished with your GPU Instance, you can easily delete it from the Scaleway Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scaleway GPU Instances are virtual compute instances equipped with dedicated high-end Nvidia graphical processing unit (GPUs). They are ideal for data processing, artificial intelligence, rendering and video encoding. After you have created your GPU Instance, you can connect to it via SSH and use one of our ready-made [Docker images](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) to access a preinstalled [Pipenv](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) environment with all your favorite AI libraries and tools pre-installed. In addition to this, GPU Instances have all the features of our regular Instances, including [flexible IPs](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/), [Security Groups](/compute/instances/how-to/use-security-groups/), [Private Networks](/compute/instances/how-to/use-private-networks/), [backups](/compute/instances/how-to/create-a-backup/) and more. When you've finished with your GPU Instance, you can easily delete it from the Scaleway Console.
```

> Scaleway GPU Instances are virtual compute instances equipped with dedicated high-end Nvidia graphical processing unit (GPUs). They are ideal for data processing, articifical intelligence, rendering and video encoding. After you have created your GPU Instance, you can connect to it via SSH and use one of our ready-made [Docker images](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) to access a preinstalled [Pipenv](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) environment with all your favourite AI libraries and tools pre-installed. In addition to this, GPU Instances have all the features of our regular Instances, including [flexible IPs](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/), [Security Groups](/compute/instances/how-to/use-security-groups/), [Private Networks](/compute/instances/how-to/use-private-networks/), [backups](/compute/instances/how-to/create-a-backup/) and more. When you've finished with your GPU Instance, you can easily delete it from the Scaleway Console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Scaleway GPU Instances are Instances equipped with dedicated high-end Nvidia graphical processing unit (GPUs). They are ideal for data processing, artificial intelligence, rendering and video encoding. After you have created your GPU Instance, you can connect to it via SSH and use one of our ready-made [Docker images](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) to access a preinstalled [Pipenv](/compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker) environment with all your favourite AI libraries and tools pre-installed. In addition to this, GPU Instances have all the features of our regular Instances, including [flexible IPs](/compute/instances/how-to/use-flexips/), [Security Groups](/compute/instances/how-to/use-security-groups/), [Private Networks](/compute/instances/how-to/use-private-networks/), [backups](/compute/instances/how-to/create-a-backup/) and more.
```
